Move README to OLD_README with the intention to remove it. (#397)
SovereignCloudStack/k8s-cluster-api-provider: README.md

# k8s-cluster-api-provider repository

This repository is the reference implementation of the Kubernetes Cluster
Management as a Service in the [Sovereign Cloud Stack](https://scs.community/)
project.

The documentation was here previously, it has all been moved into the `doc/`
subdirectory and is most conveniently accessible via the docusaurus rendering
on <https://docs.scs.community/>.

<!-- Remove this soon! -->

> Until the rendering is fully proof read, the [old README.md](OLD_README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until the rendering is fully proofread, the [old README.md](OLD_README.md)
```
